[Music]
steamboat chronicles battle tournament
is a stripped-down albeit competent
rendition of the playstation 2 classic
it all revolves around bipedal max and
sees the player taken on the role of a
customizable avatar as they make their
way through the world one of the most
impressive aspects of the game has to be
its open-ended nature the main city is
surprisingly large and is home to a
whole cast of lovable npcs
that help flesh out the narrative this
location serves as the game's hub
and from here you can upgrade your
machine with various parts that enhance
its abilities and even fully customize
its appearance
you can also take on a variety of
missions and this is where steamboat
begins to shine
the amount of diversity in the tasks you
can take on is a real standout one of
the main attractions is the tournament
mode that sees you facing off against
other pilots is you slowly climb the
ranks and
ultimately achieve fame with each and
every win it's a really addictive system
unfortunately it's not all sunshine and
rainbows due to the lack of a second
analog stick it can take quite a while
to get used to the control setup but
after some time with the game it soon
becomes second nature
it doesn't break the deal but it's
certainly something that i need to
mention
although it never quite reaches the
highs of the ps2 version it's still well
worth picking up
crimson gem saga is an often overlooked
rpg that unfortunately
never received the attention it deserved
the psp was a literal rpg machine so
it's not surprising that some games fell
through the cracks with crimson being
one of them now the first detail that
many players will pick up on
is the incredible art style that brings
the events of the adventure to life
each and every location npc and
character you encounter throughout the
journey
is all presented in a rich and vibrant
manner complementing the impressive
visuals is a well-thought-out and robust
battling system that is turn-based in
nature
naturally it extends a whole range of
both physical and magic based abilities
to the player
and all relies upon your character's
progression which is tied to a skill
tree system as you progress in
an experience you can make your way
through the tree and ultimately build a
character that plays to your strengths
there's a ton of options as well which
makes subsequent playthroughs all the
more enjoyable
although it's nowhere near the best rpg
on the system by any means
crimson gem saga is still a proficient
rpg that will likely satisfy longtime
fans and also offers something
accessible for newcomers to try out
the psp was a real heavyweight when it
came to puzzlers with the likes of echo
chrome and mercury meltdown having a
huge impact on the handheld but like
most consoles many games
fade into the ether and one of those has
to be a little game known as exit
now the experience is split up into 10
separate levels with each of them having
10 different sections of increasing
difficulty within them
you fill the shoes of mr escape as you
explore each of them with the goal being
to ultimately save the people trapped
within them now as with most puzzle
games the gameplay
has the potential to get quite
frustrating as you advance but if you
pay close attention to the mechanics in
play
it soon becomes the best aspect of the
adventure you've got several abilities
at your side
such as running and jumping that at
first will take a while to get used to
thanks to the somewhat strange timing
that the actions require
but soon you'll find yourself climbing
ropes and descending ladders crawling
through tight spaces as the room fills
with smoke all in the aim of beating the
clock
and helping those that are in need
despite its flaws exit is a solid puzzle
game that is bound to satisfy fans of
the genre but will likely frustrate
those who don't have the patience to get
to grips with its unconventional setup
[Music]
the psp is home to a range of solid
platformers but one that often got
overlooked was backbone staff junior
as the player you fill the role of dj
who's essentially the son of death
after a school trip takes a wrong turn
and an evil menace is brought into the
world
he's plunged into an adventure that sees
him and many
like-minded heroes setting out to close
all of the portals they
accidentally opened it shares much
uncommon with the likes of super mario
64 with the museum they visited on the
trip
serving as a sort of hub area each
portal you travel through
takes you to a different level with each
of them offering up their own distinct
flavor
as well as difficulty there's quite a
few objectives to complete throughout
these locations
most of them just involve taking out
monsters with your guns or your scythe
and after defeating the monsters you
advance to a new section
there's a sincere level of charm that
permeates throughout the entire game
may it be the minute mini gameplay or
the humorous cutscenes there is nothing
quite like it
bounty hounds is an action role-playing
game that puts players into the role of
a man known as
maximilian who set out to explore new
worlds with the hopes of terraforming
them into habitable environments for
various colonies to eventually populate
the gameplay presented is essentially
that of a hack and slash which all
revolves around the use of a wide array
of weaponry from swords to maces and
guns
there's plenty of diversity when it
comes to taking on the slew of enemies
the best thing about them is that they
can all be modified as well
with various elemental and status
affecting abilities
this is serious amount to play around
with and progressing through the
adventure unlocks even more and more
options which helps the combat slowly
become the best aspect of the game
now character progression also plays a
huge role naturally upon defeating
enemies you receive
experience points which can then be used
to upgrade max they're not trivial
either as each of them have a noticeable
effect on the battlefield
now the only downside to bounty hounds
is the lack of an in-depth tutorial
which may leave some players wondering
what the hell is going on but thankfully
there's some handy guides on the web
that make this shortcoming all the more
passable
if you've never managed to play it
bounty hounds is well worth a go
[Music]
with the likes of grand theft auto
appearing on the psp it was always going
to be a hard job for any competitors who
decided to have a go
gangs of london is a free rum sandbox
brought to us by the same team that was
behind the getaway on the ps2 but unlike
the getaway games where the story was an
integral part of the experience
gangs of london has a paper-thin
narrative the plot essentially sees your
gang conquering all of
london and wiping out your rivals
there's a handful of groups to choose
from to ensure a different story based
on whichever one you picked which does
add to the overall replay value nicely
however the story parts are short
30-second bookends between missions
some of which proved to be quite
humorous but never nothing to write home
about what makes gangs of london excel
is
gameplay providing you can get your head
around this severely limited control
setup
thanks to the lack of a second analog
stick the campaign mode offers a wide
variety of objectives
the driving missions usually involve
driving from point a to b
perhaps ramming somebody off the road or
trying to get away from someone trying
to run you off the road or performing
standard delivery and combat missions
where you're tasked with taking
everybody out there are a few others to
help mix it up further but the most fun
can be had during the free roam sections
that allow you to engage in total mayhem
ganks of london is nowhere near the best
free roam around the psp but one that
still deserves a look
radio mythology uses many characters
from previous tales games and places
them into an all-new story featuring a
new hero which is you your avatar is a
person
born from the mandatory and with the
help of a flying cat named
momo you have to find a way to stop the
planet eating being known as the
devourer
along the way you'll find yourself
meeting up with various lovable npcs but
for the most part the quality of the
story itself is quite mediocre and
somewhat predictable at times
gameplay-wise if you're familiar with
the series the engaging
robust combat system takes center stage
and offers up a whole host of skills and
abilities for the player to utilize if
used properly your skills can be chained
together to make a long
damaging combos and if timed bright can
link up with the attacks of other party
members to combo for even more hits and
damage
there's a huge variety of classes and
customization options that can help you
improve your character as well and with
the massive number of side quests you'll
slowly unlock
more and more options as you progress
these options truly increase the
replayability and length of the game by
a good amount
now don't go into this game expecting a
story on the caliber of the console
titles as you will be
very disappointed however if you go into
it realizing that to be a dungeon
crawler where you can
thoroughly develop your character you
will probably enjoy it quite a bit
[Music]
rengo crew 2 introduces players to a
world where androids have become the
standard means in which to wage war
the adventure follows one of these
robots who has managed to attain
self-awareness and as a result has an
undying urge to not only learn more
about itself but the world that
surrounds it now the story won't keep
you on the edge of your seat but it does
offer up a meaningful narrative that is
ultimately worth playing through on the
gameplay front it's a rather unique
setup as well with each face button on
the psp
corresponding with one of the robot's
limbs which can all be fully customized
with a wide range of weaponry and items
that opens up the adventure to many
different play styles
and this is where half of the fun that
ran goku offers lights
figuring out which set works best for
yourself will see the gameplay
constantly changing and as a result
never becoming stale as more are greater
doubt out now it won't be for everyone
the somewhat dark and somber
nature of the experience may have the
potential to turn some players away but
in my opinion it offers up one of the
best outings available on the psp
blackrock shooter lends much from the
manga series that it's based upon
and sees you having to overcome an alien
invasion that has completely ravaged the
world
as the chances of humanity's survival
slowly dwindle into non-existence
now the gameplay is largely split up
into a generous amount of different
missions
all with a diverse set of objectives to
complete but the most frequent types is
you taking on several enemies at once as
you utilize the deep and engaging battle
system the game provides as you would
expect there's a ton of options at your
fingertips but the main one being the
use of your rock cannon that over the
course of the game sees a whole slew of
upgrading tweaks
thanks to the leveling up system but
just as important as going on the
offensive is
defense also plays a huge role with the
onslaught of enemies that come your way
it's a good idea to invest early on as
standard you possess a block
as well as a handy sidestep to avoid
incoming attacks completely but these
actions do not come without consequence
if you time it incorrectly it lights up
there's a real sense of risk versus
reward when it comes to the system and i
for one think it helps it stand out
amongst the sea of competitors on the
market
although blackrock shooter is not
perfect it still manages to offer up a
competent action rpg for players to sink
their teeth into
key of heaven is one of the most
impressive and largely forgotten games
on the psp it's essentially an oriental
themed action rpg that sees five
different clans throughout the kingdom
battling for the possession of power
over the region the main protagonist
shimbu is part of one of these clans
and is tasked with retrieving several
swords from each of the clans
naturally throughout the adventure
you'll find yourself encountering a wide
selection of enemies acquiring an array
of items through exploration or the
vigorous economy system and finally
leveling up and upgrading the sizeable
amount of weapons and martial art
techniques you can learn
this is where key of heaven truly comes
into its own the battling system is
surprisingly deep
and offers up a serious amount of
options from chaining combos to
executing special abilities that you
learn through collecting scrolls
scattered throughout the world
there's a generous amount to collect as
well and acquiring all of them is no
mere feat
if it passed you by key of heaven is one
game that i can fully recommend you pick
up and play well that does it for
today's video
don't forget to hit subscribe and follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date on future videos and to take part
in giveaways you can also join our
growing community on discord
and meet many like-minded gamers to
continue the conversation with i'd also
like to give a special shout out to our
patreon supporters rhino
skill gym nano steve and paddy j for
their continued support that helps make
these videos possible
if you're interested in joining our
discord or supporting the channel
through patreon you'll find the links in
the description
as always thanks for taking the time to
watch the video i'll catch you next time
you